Before continuing to deploy Tweeter, we want to do more work on the testing part, try to find more bugs and fix them, so as to interact with users as easily as possible. We used react, react-dom-router, firebase and bulma to complete our Tweeter. Since these things are free, so far we have not spent any fees. In the future, maybe we will pay for the application programming interface, but not yet. We first need to deploy Tweeter as a website. We can buy from some hosting companies such as bluehost or HostGator. The sum of the cost of website hosting and domain name is about $150. We’re not developing a native mobile app yet, but it is responsive when viewers through a mobile phone sized view port so that it’s useable on any device. If users increase, maybe in the future we will try to host in IOS(around $100) or Android(around $50). However, as we all know, the cost of developing a program or software depends on various factors, such as adding functions and data storage, so it is difficult for us to analyze the exact cost.
The potential markets for this product are schools, communities and small companies. Tweeter is very helpful for residents in some communities to communicate their ideas and some things. For example, if the package of a householder living in 101 does not arrive at the correct location, he can use Tweeter to ask householders who also live in this community whether they have received the package or whether the package is at their door. In this way, their packages will not be lost in this community. Residents can also learn about the safety of the community by communicating on Tweeter. For example, if a resident’s car is smashed, he can tell other residents living in the community to pay attention to the safety of their vehicles through Tweeter.
Similarly, Tweeter is also helpful to some schools. In some elementary schools, teachers can use Tweeter to communicate with students’ parents in a timely manner. Parents will also see what the teacher provides at a certain time. 
Employees of some companies can also form an employee group through Tweeter to communicate. For example, they can ask about their lost keys and employee badges on Tweeter. People who accidentally pick up the key can ask in Tweeter if one of their colleagues has lost his key. Colleagues who don’t know each other can even meet for lunch through Tweeter.
Since our product is for a specific organization and users can only access it through the viewing port so far, users don’t have to worry about what they’re talking about will be seen by people who are not in that organization.
The best way to market Tweeter is through brochures or posters. We can get our customers by distributing posters or brochures to the door of some supermarkets or companies. We can also push advertisements through the Internet or some mobile advertisements, such as those in the Google store to promote our products. However, due to the fierce competition of chat software, our products may have to be tried on the web for free.
