Our project is Tweeter which is a social networking clone based on the actual web and mobile application, Twitter. If we were to deploy our project for the world to use, we would probably start with buying a host domain from a well accredited website like GoDaddy.com which we will use to host and manage our domain. The domain name we chose is tweeter.life is available for $41.99 a year in addition for buying our domain name we would probably buy the add on of Ultimate Domain Protection and Security which is an extra $14.99. Although this is an extra fee, we would purchase this as it protects the domain with automatic malware scans and continuous security monitoring and notifies us when or if anything is wrong. Furthermore, it monitors search engine blacklists to ensure our domains reputation is protected. With the domain protection we would also buy an email address that matches the domain which would include a 50GB email storage, and the email, contacts, and calendar will sync between all the devices we use. This add on will be $3.99 a month so after taxes and adding all the add ons together we will get a total of $104.86 a year.
As our web app already has a user interface, we can move on to the next step which is marketing our product. Our marketing strategy would start by creating profile accounts for our website on apps such as Facebook, and Instagram which will have our contact information as well a hyperlink to our website. We want to advertise on these social media accounts as this is our target audience (people who we know use social media services). To manage our accounts, we will be using a social media management service, Hootsuite which will cost $49 a month and includes features like 10 social accounts, scheduled unlimited posts, message monitoring, and compliance security integrations. With this service taking care of our accounts on both Facebook and Instagram we will be able to access all our information about how our socials are doing in one place. 
After setting up the domain and rolling out our marketing strategy we can start with an initial soft launch. For the soft launch we will promote our new website to friends and family who will give us feedback. We will take the feedback and adjust our website to be better, once we finish that we will launch the project into a few market segments, like adult males aged 30-49 and college students (18-25). From the data we collect we will hire a company like Fiverr to figure out things like if the market segments are enjoying and using our service as well as they help with being able to easily oversee employee hours which will help with project management for maintenance and other tasks. We predict this with our social media management will cost approximately $250 a month. 
The revenue we will make will be from advertisements that companies want to put onto our service and banner ads, as well as PPC(pay per click advertising). With all of the infor stated above we will have quarterly evaluations of profit margins, track the amount of traffic on our site, followers on our social media, and number of people signed up with their email to make a Tweeter account.     
